exampleSite/content/reviews/hugo-the-fastest-static-site-generator-in-the-planet.md, before:

---
title: "Hugo - The fastest static site generator in the planet"
author: "Vijayabharathi Balasubramanian"
href: "https://"
layout: "books/single"
---

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit accumsan

This book turns Hugo inside out. It is usually better to have actual content while designing. 

## Example
For example, having actual content will **tell you** different type of components that you need to design. It could be [links like this](#example) that lead no where, or list like this: 

1. first
2. second in the list item of examples shown on a page that may be longer than necessary
3. another
4. one more
5. last one I promise.

## Quotes

There comes a time when you cannot say anything new and you end up quoting someone the world thinks is smart.

>That may be my own, but it is better to attribute it to Mark Twain and apologize later than to accept it as your own and feel the wrath of the titans.
-Mark Twain

### Either way
There are levels in the titles. Third is acceptable. fourth is too deep but you need to be prepared.

Two paragraphs will tell you more about something rather than a single paragraph. So go for it.

### Third
Two paragraphs under a heading to show the vertical rhythm that is necessary to show relationship between each other in a long running text. **Rhymes are not** working out at home. Depending on where they are coming from and their tone, *either they work out* ok.

Vertical rhythm is something you need to learn along with line height to [understand how CSS can](#fourth) be used to achieve the same on web. [Even more important is to](#logo) fix it in responsive design.

Commit message:

fix view for wider screens

exampleSite/content/reviews/hugo-the-fastest-static-site-generator-in-the-planet.md, after:

---
title: "Hugo - The fastest static site generator in the planet"
author: "Vijayabharathi Balasubramanian"
href: "https://"
layout: "books/single"
---

The following is from an [article on Smashing magazine](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2011/03/technical-web-typography-guidelines-and-techniques/#tt-rhythm). Shows a good number of 69 characters that should fit in a line on large screens:

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit accumsan


## Example
For example, having actual content will **tell you** different type of components that you need to design. It could be [links like this](#example) that lead no where, or list like this: 

1. first
2. second in the list item of examples shown on a page that may be longer than necessary
3. another
4. one more
5. last one I promise.

## Quotes

There comes a time when you cannot say anything new and you end up quoting someone the world thinks is smart.

>That may be my own, but it is better to attribute it to Mark Twain and apologize later than to accept it as your own and feel the wrath of the titans.
-Mark Twain

### Either way
There are levels in the titles. Third is acceptable. fourth is too deep but you need to be prepared.

Two paragraphs will tell you more about something rather than a single paragraph. So go for it.

### Third
Two paragraphs under a heading to show the vertical rhythm that is necessary to show relationship between each other in a long running text. **Rhymes are not** working out at home. Depending on where they are coming from and their tone, *either they work out* ok.

Vertical rhythm is something you need to learn along with line height to [understand how CSS can](#fourth) be used to achieve the same on web. [Even more important is to](#logo) fix it in responsive design.
